en-US/python/index.md, before:

---
title: Python
---

[Better performance with compiled regex in Python](better-performance-with-compiled-regex)

[Cannot read from file opened with mode "x" in Python](cannot-read-open-mode-x)

[Chack if a number is even or odd in Python](check-number-is-even-or-odd)

[Command line arguments in Python](command-line-arguments)

[Create a text file in Python](create-text-file)

[Create a Python virtual environment](create-virtual-environment)

[Custom list sorting in Python](custom-list-sorting)

[Custom string conversion in Python](custom-string-conversion)

[Difference between "w" and "w+" flags in Python](difference-between-w-w+-flags)

[Encode string to UTF-8 in Python](encode-string-to-utf-8)

[Encode URI query string from dictionary in Python](encode-uri-query-string-from-dictionary)

[Ensure path exists](ensure-path-exists)

[Execute function at exit in Python](execute-function-at-exit)

[First letters to upper in Python](first-letters-to-upper)

[Get all capture groups from regex match in Python](get-all-capture-groups-from-regex-match)

[Get type of object in Python](get-type-of-object)

[Initializing a PyProjectX Python project](initializing-pyprojectx-project-manager)

[Iterate dictionary key/value pairs in Python](iterate-dict-key-value-pairs)

[Join list into string in Python](join-list-into-string)

[Lambda functions in Python](lambda-function)

[AttributeError: 'list' object has no attribute 'join'](list-object-has-no-attribute-join)

[Pop or dequee item from tuple in Python](pop-or-dequee-item-from-tuple)

[psycopg2 copy_from cannot insert field with delimiter, even if quoted](psycopg2-copy_from-cannot-insert-field-with-delimiter-even-if-quoted)

[Read a file line by line in Python](read-file-line-by-line)

[Read keyboard input in Python](read-keyboard-input)

[Regex back-reference in Python](regex-backreference)

[Regex non-capturing group in Python](regex-non-capturing-group)

[Regex replace with reference to capture group in Python](regex-replace-capture-group)

[Remove characters at end of string in Python](remove-characters-at-end-of-string)

[Remove characters at start of string in Python](remove-characters-at-start-of-string)

[Remove characters surrounding string in Python](remove-characters-surrounding-string)

[Remove item from tuple in Python](remove-item-from-tuple)

[Remove spaces at end of string in Python](remove-spaces-at-end-of-string)

[Remove spaces at start of string in Python](remove-spaces-at-start-of-string)

[Remove spaces surrounding string in Python](remove-spaces-surrounding-string)

[Reversing lists in Python](reversing-lists)

[Save object to JSON in Python](save-object-to-json)

[Save text file using UTF-8 in Python](save-text-file-using-utf-8)

[Sleep for 1 second](sleep-for-one-second)

[Slice array in Python](slice-array)

[Sorting lists in Python](sorting-lists)

[str reserved keyword in Python](str-reserved-keyword)

[String interpolation in Python](string-interpolation)

[String to lowercase in Python](string-to-lowercase)

[Trim string in Python](trim-string)

[Tuples: Immutable lists in Python](tuples-immutable-lists)

[What are __enter__ and __exit__ functions in Python](what-are-enter-and-exit-functions)

[Where is OSError defined in Python](where-is-oserror-defined)

[Will "w+" flag truncate the file in Python](will-w+-flag-truncate-the-file)

[Write UTF-8 encoded text inside binary file in Python](write-utf-8-encoded-text-inside-binary-file)

Commit message:

Answers in Python, MatPlotLib, StreamLit and others

en-US/python/index.md, after:

---
title: Python
---

[Better performance with compiled regex in Python](better-performance-with-compiled-regex)

[Cannot read from file opened with mode "x" in Python](cannot-read-open-mode-x)

[Chack if a number is even or odd in Python](check-number-is-even-or-odd)

[Command line arguments in Python](command-line-arguments)

[Create a text file in Python](create-text-file)

[Create a Python virtual environment](create-virtual-environment)

[Custom list sorting in Python](custom-list-sorting)

[Custom string conversion in Python](custom-string-conversion)

[Difference between "w" and "w+" flags in Python](difference-between-w-w+-flags)

[Encode string to UTF-8 in Python](encode-string-to-utf-8)

[Encode URI query string from dictionary in Python](encode-uri-query-string-from-dictionary)

[Ensure path exists](ensure-path-exists)

[Execute function at exit in Python](execute-function-at-exit)

[First letters to upper in Python](first-letters-to-upper)

[Get all capture groups from regex match in Python](get-all-capture-groups-from-regex-match)

[Get type of object in Python](get-type-of-object)

[Initializing a PyProjectX Python project](initializing-pyprojectx-project-manager)

[Iterate dictionary key/value pairs in Python](iterate-dict-key-value-pairs)

[Join list into string in Python](join-list-into-string)

[Lambda functions in Python](lambda-function)

[How to list installed Python packages with Conda?](list-installed-packages-conda)

[How to list installed Python packages?](list-installed-packages)

[AttributeError: 'list' object has no attribute 'join'](list-object-has-no-attribute-join)

[Pop or dequee item from tuple in Python](pop-or-dequee-item-from-tuple)

[psycopg2 copy_from cannot insert field with delimiter, even if quoted](psycopg2-copy_from-cannot-insert-field-with-delimiter-even-if-quoted)

[Read a file line by line in Python](read-file-line-by-line)

[Read keyboard input in Python](read-keyboard-input)

[Regex back-reference in Python](regex-backreference)

[Regex non-capturing group in Python](regex-non-capturing-group)

[Regex replace with reference to capture group in Python](regex-replace-capture-group)

[Remove characters at end of string in Python](remove-characters-at-end-of-string)

[Remove characters at start of string in Python](remove-characters-at-start-of-string)

[Remove characters surrounding string in Python](remove-characters-surrounding-string)

[Remove item from tuple in Python](remove-item-from-tuple)

[Remove spaces at end of string in Python](remove-spaces-at-end-of-string)

[Remove spaces at start of string in Python](remove-spaces-at-start-of-string)

[Remove spaces surrounding string in Python](remove-spaces-surrounding-string)

[Reversing lists in Python](reversing-lists)

[Save object to JSON in Python](save-object-to-json)

[Save text file using UTF-8 in Python](save-text-file-using-utf-8)

[Sleep for 1 second](sleep-for-one-second)

[Slice array in Python](slice-array)

[Sorting lists in Python](sorting-lists)

[str reserved keyword in Python](str-reserved-keyword)

[String interpolation in Python](string-interpolation)

[String to lowercase in Python](string-to-lowercase)

[Trim string in Python](trim-string)

[Tuples: Immutable lists in Python](tuples-immutable-lists)

[What are __enter__ and __exit__ functions in Python](what-are-enter-and-exit-functions)

[Where is OSError defined in Python](where-is-oserror-defined)

[Will "w+" flag truncate the file in Python](will-w+-flag-truncate-the-file)

[Write UTF-8 encoded text inside binary file in Python](write-utf-8-encoded-text-inside-binary-file)
